BankingApp/readme.md, before:

# Banking App for iOS

This sample app illustrates how to integrate Skype for Business to an iOS application to do a anonymous meeting join with text chat and audio/video conversations.

#Prerequisites

1. Download [**Skype for Business App SDK for iOS**](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/confirmation.aspx?id=51962) 
2. Go through [**Use the SDK to Join a meeting with an iOS device**](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/skype/appsdk/howtojoinmeeting_ios)

# How to run this app

1. Clone the sample Banking App in your local directory.
2. Copy SkypeForBusiness.framework from SkypeForBusinessAppSDKiOS folder and add to your sample application folder. 
3. In the Project Navigator select your project. -> In Editor, Go to Build Phases tab -> Open Embed Frameworks -> Click the + button to select the frameworks to add. -> Click Add Other to navigate to SkypeforBusiness.framework.
4. Drag and copy SfBConversationHelper.h and SfBConversationHelper.m to your Banking App project.
5. To join the conversation, check Info.plist and replace value of __Skype meeting URL__ and __Skype meeting display name__.

**Be Careful**: To run sample on simulator, Copy SkypeForBusiness.framework from **AppSDKiOSSimulator** folder and to run on actual device, copy from **AppSDKiOS** folder.

# Integrating Skype for Business

## Initializing Skype for Business
In **MainViewController.m**, initialization of Skype is done.
```objective-c
- (void)initializeSkype {
    SfBApplication *sfb = SfBApplication.sharedApplication;
    sfb.configurationManager.maxVideoChannels = 1;
    sfb.devicesManager.selectedSpeaker.activeEndpoint = SfBSpeakerEndpointLoudspeaker;   
}
```

## Handling Audio/Video conversation  
AV conversation takes advantage of a convinient helper class included in the SDK.
In **SfBConversation.h** and **.m**, using initializer sets up everything needed in the AV conversation.

For details on how it was used, see **VideoViewController.m**.
 
## Handling Chat conversation
Chat feature handling is done in **ChatHandler.m**. This is a convinence class much like the SfBConversationHelper that handles only the text chat functionality.

For details on how the above class was used, see **ChatViewController.m**. 

## Leaving a conversation
In order to leave the conversaion, __canLeave__ property of SfBConversation must be checked. In this case, it is monitored through Key-Value Observation in **VideoViewController.m** and **ChatViewController.m**.
```objective-c
...
[conversation addObserver:self forKeyPath:@"canLeave" options:NSKeyValueObservingOptionInitial | NSKeyValueObservingOptionNew context:nil];
...     

```

Commit message:

iOS samples read files updates. May 4, 2016.

BankingApp/readme.md, after:

# Banking App for iOS

This sample app illustrates how to integrate Skype for Business to an iOS application to do a anonymous meeting join with text chat and audio/video conversations.

##Prerequisites

1. Download [**Skype for Business App SDK for iOS**](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/confirmation.aspx?id=51962) 

2. Have a [**Join Meeting URL**](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/skype/appsdk/getmeetingurl) for an established Skype Business meeting.

##How to get started

1. Clone the sample Banking App in your local directory.

2. Copy SkypeForBusiness.framework from SkypeForBusinessAppSDKiOS folder and add to your sample application folder. 

3. In the Project Navigator, Select your project. -> In Editor, Go to Build Phases tab -> Open Embed Frameworks -> Click the + button to select the frameworks to add. -> Click Add Other to navigate to SkypeforBusiness.framework.
```console
Note: Add SkypeForBusiness.framework as an "Embedded Binary" (not a "Linked Framework").
```
4. The SDK comes with an "conversation helper" class that simplifies interaction with the core APIs in mainline scenarios. To use it, add SfBConversationHelper.h and SfBConversationHelper.m files from the Helpers folder in your SDK download into your app's source code.

5. Change the project **Bundle Identifier**. In the Project Navigator select your project. -> In Editor, Go to General tab -> Change Bundle Identifier under Identity section. 

6. To join the conversation, check Info.plist and replace value of __Skype meeting URL__ and __Skype meeting display name__ with [**Join Meeting URL**](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/skype/appsdk/getmeetingurl) for an established Skype Business meeting and any desired name respectively.

```console
NOTE:The SDK comes with a SkypeForBusiness.framework for use on physical devices (recommended) and a SkypeForBusiness.framework for running the iOS simulator (limited because audio and video function won't work correctly). The binaries have the same name but are in separate folders. To run your app on a device, navigate to the location where you downloaded the App SDK and select the SkypeForBusiness.framework file in the AppSDKiOS folder. To run your app in a simulator, selec the SkypeForBusiness.framework file in the AppSDKiOSSimulator folder.
```

# Integrating Skype for Business

## Initializing Skype for Business
In **MainViewController.m**, initialization of Skype is done.
```objective-c
- (void)initializeSkype {
    SfBApplication *sfb = SfBApplication.sharedApplication;
    sfb.configurationManager.maxVideoChannels = 1;
    sfb.devicesManager.selectedSpeaker.activeEndpoint = SfBSpeakerEndpointLoudspeaker;   
}
```

## Handling Audio/Video conversation  
AV conversation takes advantage of a convinient helper class included in the SDK.
In **SfBConversation.h** and **.m**, using initializer sets up everything needed in the AV conversation.

For details on how it was used, see **VideoViewController.m**.
 
## Handling Chat conversation
Chat feature handling is done in **ChatHandler.m**. This is a convinence class much like the SfBConversationHelper that handles only the text chat functionality.

For details on how the above class was used, see **ChatViewController.m**. 

## Leaving a conversation
In order to leave the conversaion, __canLeave__ property of SfBConversation must be checked. In this case, it is monitored through Key-Value Observation in **VideoViewController.m** and **ChatViewController.m**.
```objective-c
...
[conversation addObserver:self forKeyPath:@"canLeave" options:NSKeyValueObservingOptionInitial | NSKeyValueObservingOptionNew context:nil];
...     

```
